# OpenFoodFacts dataset

## What is the purpose of this folder?
In early stages of the project, we used ChatGPT to generate the food_info dataset, which is a dataset with information about food products.
Our goal was for our model to make use of more accurate information. We chose the OpenFoodFacts dataset because it is a large dataset with a lot of information about food products. 
This folder contains the code used to generate the food_info dataset and it is meant to be an informative guide on how to generate the dataset.


## Missing the openfoodfacts dataset?

The OpenFoodFacts dataset consists of a large number of food products, each with a set of attributes. This dataset takes up to ~8GB of memory, so in order to make this repository lighter, we didn't include it. However, this dataset can be downloaded directly from OpenFoodFacts.

### IMPORTANT NOTE: 
**The dataset is not necessary for the model to run. Use it only if your plan is getting an accurate version of "food_info".**

## Content of the folder
This folder contains the following files:
- data-generation.ipynb: Jupyter notebook used to generate the food_info dataset.
- README.md: This file.
- data/old_food_info.json: An older version of the food_info dataset. It was generated by ChatGPT and is not as accurate as the new one. It will be used in this notebook to generate the new dataset.
- data/calculated_food_info.json: The dataset generated by the notebook. It contains information about food products, such as name, ingredients, and nutrition facts. It is generated by the notebook and is not the final dataset.
- data/food_info.json: The final dataset generated by the notebook. It is cleaner and more organized than the calculated_food_info.json file.